well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we've got an uplifting story
out of paulding county
georgia it's kind of uplifting anyway
not i mean has its ups and downs
so they've already gone back to school
there in person
two students decided to document the
reopening i don't know if they were
working together only one's been named
so far
and they get imagery and they you know
keep a tally
how many students are wearing masks how
many aren't
and they demonstrate very clearly that
the school is not
engaging in what most would consider to
be the very bare minimums
to keep the students safe it's the way
it appears
you know they gathered information they
investigated
to put it out there for public
consumption and then they published it
that's journalism in this case it was in
pursuit of the public good
advocacy journalism the best kind of
journalism good stuff impressive to be
honest
the school finds out about it do they
recognize and acknowledge the talent
they have sitting in front of them
maybe try to nurture it and talk to them
about
you know maybe a school paper or
journalism as a career
apparently not apparently they turned
into the villains from scooby-doo
and were basically like i would have got
away with it if it weren't for these
meddling kids
and suspended them then they found out
how twitter works
when hannah the student who's been named
um
she winds up on cnn doing an interview
it's now the next day the suspensions
well
they've been deleted they go back to
school on monday and it seems like
that's a happy ending that's the end of
the story right
but it's not because it doesn't seem
like
the school is going to do anything
further to protect the kids
so it just continues the story isn't
over yet
i could write the rest of the story now
because the way this is going to play
out
is the second that they're spread in
that school
it all comes back up and the story is
the school didn't do anything to protect
the kids they were warned by their
students
rather than heed the warning they
punished the students when they got
called out on the punishment
they got rid of the punishment but still
didn't act
in fact they said well we can't we can't
mandate masks you know it's impossible
to enforce a dress code at a place where
we enforce a dress code every day
i just can't do that that's
that's the story i could write it today
that's how it's going to play out unless
the school changes
um the sad thing is they probably won't
it's probably political and
the kids are going to end up paying the
price for it
despite those students best efforts
what those students did is impressive it
should be encouraged
in her interview she referenced good
trouble yeah that's exactly what it was
and good for you
good for you um
i hope i'm wrong i hope that this is i
hope this is the end of the story
but i've got a feeling it won't be we'll
be hearing about this school again
i'm pretty sure and i can tell you this
if you're part of that school
if you're part of the administration
there you better hope
that one of those sick kids isn't her
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day